Clarify local mode prior 5.26 (#3853)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.rst

The API that the socket exposes follows the same specification that can be found `in the API documentation <https://api.mattermost.com>`_, so mmctl is able to interact with it without needing any modifications. When a request comes in through the socket, it is flagged as local by the server, and this flag is taken into account when checking for session permissions to correctly authorize the sessions.

Activate local mode
-------------------

To use local mode, the Mattermost server first needs to `have local mode enabled <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-local-mode>`_. When local mode is enabled, a socket is created at ``/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket`` by default.

Using local mode
----------------

> You need to append --local to the command you want to use or you can set the enviroment variable ``MMCTL_LOCAL=true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to append ``--local`` to the command you want to use or set the environment variable as ``MMCTL_LOCAL=true``.
```

> In versions prior to 5.26, only the commands ``config``, ``plugin`` and ``license`` are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In versions prior to 5.26, only the commands ``config``, ``plugin``, and ``license`` are available.
```
